Candle plot data like day K is used to generate Expotential Moving Average (EMA). 
Short period (within 1 day): 1min k, 3min k, 5min k, 15min k
Medium period (>1 day, <5-10 day): 30min k, 60min k, 120min k, 4h k
Medium-long period (>10 day, <30 day): day k
Long period: week k, month k

Day trading: trading the daily up-trends in a bullish daily momentum.
Daily up-trends - 5min k performs the best in day trading
Bullish daily momentum - 15min k indicates day-time bullish or bearish cycles

Medium period trading: trading the medium-period up-trends in the bullish markets (UTBM). 
Medium-period up-trends - 120 k performs the best in indicating medium-period cycles
Bullish markets - Day k performs well in indicating bullish or bearish cycles within a year

MACD strategies:
1. In most cases, golden crossing is accurate in indicating the buy time.
2. In most cases, dead crossing would be later than the best selling time.
3. To determine the best selling time, we can try two strategies: 
   3.1 Selling at the peak of the DIF line, or the time when MACD value is the largest/strarts to reduce; drawback: MACD value may keep positive and (probable) rise again.
   3.2 Selling at the dead crossing of shorter-period MACD (e.g. for 120k MACD, use the dead crossing of 60k MACD to determine selling point. This is because shorter-period MACD moves faster to the goldern/dead crossing than a longer-period MACD); drawback: two times of data amount required.
   More strategies? Test which selling strategy performs better? May miss earning opportunities.
4. The trend in a shorter-period MACD must be within the trend in a longer-perid MACD. It means that longer-period MACD can predict longer momentum, trading decisions in shorter-period MACD should consider longer-period MACD trends.
   Long up, short down: good for buying (following)
   Long up, short up: time scope for a good selling
   Long down, short down: perfect for buying if both have golden crossing; otherwise, may buy the short uptrend (risky).
   Long down, short up: No action is needed. Not a good time for buying/selling.

#Can we write the strategies into codes?

A major flaw of MACD is that real MACD value may fluctuate around 0 before fixed. This may result in repeating false buy and sell behaviour.
We must find a way to avoid this situation when coding MACD buy/sell logics.
